Update GitHub Codespaces instructions for S2L5 (#85)
skills/secure-code-game: Season-2/Level-5/hint-1.txt

1. Double click index.html to open it in any browser. Are you using GitHub Codespaces?

> // Please note that if you are inside a codespace, it is not possible to perform step 1.
> // Instead, run the following in terminal from the root of the game level (Season-2/Level-5/):
> //    `python3 -m http.server`
> // Once running, select on the "ports" tab of the codespace and click on the URL that exposes
> // port 8000. Navigating to the URL should serve the HTML and vulnerable JavaScript.
> // Proceed with the remaining steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Please note that if you are inside a codespace, it is not possible to perform step 1.
// Instead, run the following command inside the codespace's terminal:
//    `cd Season-2/Level-5/ && python3 -m http.server`
// A pop up window will appear on the bottom right informing you that 
// "Your application running on port 8000 is available". Now click "Open in Browser".
// Another way to open the application on port 8000 is by clicking on the "Ports" tab 
// in terminal, followed by clicking on its respective URL.
```
